So first off, Bard top. What a pick, I know right? Let’s drop down my main build, because it’s the best assassin play style I like. *my core is static/ie/RFC. Now, I tried many ways, and this is the best way. I like to safely clear and lay out poke. Now under certain occasions like against a Garen, I’d go what many would call Shotgun Bard, swapping out static for Runaan’s and if needed rapid firecannon for Phantom Dancer. Giving some more tank… Now, as for the other two, I actually leave them more optional picks in the ability power department or in which case magic pen. In this section is a few situations for more sustain. I’d pick up Hextech Gunblade. This item is phenomenal on Bard, and hits are great. If you’re already carrying hard, I’d go something like Liandry’s, because with the lead, no one will catch you with this, and the chunk is just Bard crazy. I’m yet to try Gunblade and Liandry’s together, but someday…
How do we get them to know they should use it? The only feasible situation I see is a complete and big economic collapse... I want to use it, because I want to control my own destiny and not be robbed by the central banks or the government and I want to feel my own liberty. I do not have even $1 in my bank account, because I don’t want to own debt tokens. I want to own freedom... How do we change the landscape? What are your thoughts? Sorry for my English being bad.
I’m kind of hoping to find a place that doesn’t charge those exorbitant commission and all the extras. I have some questions and hope someone can help answer. 1. I saw some ads on Shooroq... no commission, etc. Are there any hidden costs I need to be vary about? 2. Is there enough parking for the second car? 3. How much would the DEWA charges for a 1BHK come to? 4. Any other areas I should look for in Dubai that has reasonable rent ? It’s a bit unnerving to manage expenses on 1 person’s salary in this place... I appreciate any advice I get.
I went grocery shopping. I’m down to my last dollars soon, and I can’t just eat beer and cigarettes. Then I set them down so I didn’t have to carry them across the street to get beer (it’s cheaper at Adventure’s First Stop). Then I walked back and forgot my groceries. I walked all the way home and, ah shit, I’m getting shin splints from all this walking up and down the hill. I live on a hill. Down. In the middle, really. I imagine it’s like an amateur San Francisco. So I walked back and got them. No crime round these parts. Not much, anyway.
Absolute rocket from from Stroud on a perfect half turn to goal. #DCU #MLS #MastodonFC Really tough not to buy that the league tells officials to help Miami when that’s not a penalty. #DCU #MLS #mastodonfc Probably Pirani's best game this season, but he still just needs to be better. Like the aggressive call to sub him out for an offensive minded player like Fletcher. #DCU #MLS #mastodonfc Amazing how there's two PKs #DCU should have had and got neither. The fix is so in for Miami #MLS #mastodonfc Well, perhaps ball doesn't lie. What an awful give away by Klich. Can't win when your DP plays that sloppy. #DCU #MLS #mastodonfc Absolute meltdown. Obviously, the officiating hamstrung them, but the last twenty minutes are the play of the team that did not deserve to win. #DCU #MLS #mastodonfc Very curious to see how this #DCU team responds to a game that's best forgotten. They've had a bright start and sometimes bad games just happen, but they looked completely outclasses as the game went on. #MLS #mastodonfc @user7 who give a crap, go Badgers Women’s hockey! Hahaha @user8
When I turn off those 2 switches, it drops down to between .28- 2.1 When they are gone for 2 or 3 days at a time and we leave switches on, it stays down also. I’m not positive, but I think the owners are aware and did it to cut corners. However, there’s always the possibility that the man behind us did it. So I’ve had enough. I finally decided I’m done paying $300 electric bills so it can be 48 degrees in my house with no hot water. So I know I’m really opening up a can of worms with my landlord, but it’s not legal and I shouldn’t have to pay someone else’s expenses, never mind the $6000+ that was destroyed simply by being plugged in... Oh, and the part where I barely sleep at night at fear of burning down, and I won’t leave my dog home alone either in fear a fire will catch while I’m not home.
Then I see a figure slowly walking towards my general direction, and I finally look up. The moment I look up, Paul is looking straight at me, still walking towards me. I don’t say anything or look back down, because, get this: he says the first he’s ever said to me in the sexiest, most hottest, attractive way possible. He says “What’s up?” in this low, quieter voice but has the cutest but at the same time hottest smile ever. I blow up inside and I smile back, not holding back my overjoyed emotions. And I say “hi”, with the biggest smile I probably had. I’m just praying to God now that I didn’t have nasty stuff in my teeth or that my face didn’t look disgusting. But I look straight nail down at my food and pokerfacedly keep eating my food. I do that for maybe 3 seconds. Then I look back up. Paul has just stated walking away, which means he was standing there looking at me or doing God knows what for 3 seconds.
Inside you'r body, deep beneathe your skin, muscles, and not beneth your orgens, lurks 1(one) skeletone. SPPOOOKY! But weight it gets worse. The skeleton inside u dosn't even pay rent! he/she lives in ur body so he/she shoudl pay rent! The freeload off u and don't even do shit for you. so u shud evict your spooky boy. HAPPY HALLOWENE! EDIT: i didnt expec this post to blow up like it has! thanks for the 6 upvote!
My favorite Obama quote: "Michael and I also wanna uh, acknowledge, uh.....yy...y.yy..uuuhhh..yyy....your son Jack, who deployed today."
user765123: No, I just had the “is now playing” thing show up. A: I know. A: Well, here we go. A: “easily disturbed”, lol A: Momma, help me. A: Help me. A: What’s the canon name? user765123: ? A: my name. A: What’s the canon one? user765123: There is none, pick whatever name you want. A: Oh. A: Am I a girl? user765123: Male. A: Argh. <talking about their name here> user765123: That seems like a good name. user765123: lol A: >:-) user765123: (not that it really matters. I just used my real life name)
Just a side note: my bf and i are buying a house. we will be moving out in 2mo. Once the papers are all finalzed. I have an Australian shepherd 9mo. My bf (24m) and i (25f) got her at 3 mo. We take her on play dates every other week. She has a pair of dogs she likes to play tag with a black lab and a dog small dog that is a mix of something. We take her to see a rat terrier. Thier play style is boxing. And one of my roomates (25m) has a beagle. He doesnt like to play much infact he seems kinda scared too.
People go in the dark alone. No one could be THAT stupid! If there's a ghost in the house, why the HELL would you go in the darkest and creepiest place in the house?! Then they turn the flashlight a lil too far and see the ghost. Then they know they're screwed. 4. The f**k you splitting up for?! There's always this one guy in horror movies that's like: Guys, there's a crazy a** killer running around so we should totally split up and get ourselves killed! That's EXACTLY what the killer WANTS!
We broke up 2 months ago. We had very little contact. But tmrw im no longer putting up with it. He would be the one to reach put all the time. I never reached out first. And if I answered it was only about the class he was paying me to do. He is still on my car insurance and he messaged me on friend asking what was going on with it. I answered the next day and said i didnt change anything. After that part of the convo ended i asked him how he was doing about the death of his dog. (He is deployed and his dog was his world) he said that hes good when he doesnt think about it and how he told his mom to cremate him etc.
Are there any new Gaming console?  I don't know should i buy PS3 or X-BOX Kinect.  Or even N-DS or PSP.  I'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X-BOX then a newer version comes out.  ( Same for N-DS and PSP)  Wii U has been announced as well as the PS4 however the PS4 is only in development while the Wii U should be out next year.  Microsoft has not announced there new console yet though it is believed to be in the works.  No matter when you buy you will get a newer version.  I feel X-BOX is a very smooth system i own it like 3 years, its very compatible to previous versions and mostly important i was very comfortable with the User Interface and the JOYSTICK....coz you dont wana hold a joystick that gives you discomfort.  XBOX Joys are soo comfyy.....  Performance - You get the same in all, just get a good TV.  I don't know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft has said they don't see the Xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime.  Since they released kinect this was kind of their way of releasing a new Xbox so they don't plan on making another one for a while.  I do know they have already announced a new wii though and I don't know what Sony has said about playstation but again, if you get an Xbox (which I personally think is the best anyways) you should be set for a while.
bearded dragon spikes?  bit of a stupid question but do the spikes/spines (whatever you call them) on their side and face area ever go hard.  or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them  becca is right .  iv owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time.. they dont go hard lik eneedle hard but they arnt pillow soft.  they use them to look prickly.. would you try to eat a cactus [if u had no knife] i know i wouldnt.  they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if ur holding them to tight :)  Theyre not really hard.  Beardies are actually quite delicate.  I'm assuming it's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies.  they dont hurt unless your stupid enough to press on them.  They just are there as an adaptation.
French dating etiquette?  I would really love to hear what the French or those who had dated the French to say something about this.  I'm in my 20's and currently studying in France.  Coming from an anglo-saxon country my version of dating is 'getting the number, asking her out, etc..'  However, I've read on the internet that the French dating etiquette is totally different.  For them, dating would normally be meeting in groups or parties, then pairing off.  In addition, from my understanding one-on-one dates is something that comes much later and not 'straight-away' like us anglo-saxons.  They are also very secretive about being in a relationship.  They only 'go out in the open' once they have reached a certain level of seriousness.  Is it true?  I have told a French girl I liked her, and she accepted.  She is friendly when we see each other on campus.  She is also nicer when we are both alone.  However, when we are at parties or when they are people around she seems to ignore me.  She also seems to hate it whenever I ask her out on a date, to the point she said stop!  My mind thinks she has no interest in me and just stringing me along.  But the articles I read seemed to say the contrary.  Have I just fallen victim in a cultural trap?  What you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all scenarios.  You are not French for a start, so the "rules" or "customs" may not apply to you when it comes to entering into a relationship between people from different backgrounds.  From what you say the messages given by this girl are quite clear.  She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .  She is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend.  You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment, but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you.  At parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached to you, which is consistent.  Take the messages for what they are: she has no objection in you being pals at uni, but she does not want to take matters further.  "Non!" means "non", not "I might consider it, and I will keep you attached to my apron strings just in case."  Christiane gave you a good answer.  You have fallen in a cultural misunderstanding.  What I have to add is that it is normal in France to have mixed gender groups of friends, there's nothing unusual in boys and girls being only friends, which is obviously what this girl wants from you.  She probably finds your company pleasing as a friend but you are not her choice a a boyfriend and she is trying to keep it on a friendship level, and trying to make you understand that she doesn't want to go further.  If she is nicer when you are alone I'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend.  You do find the 'get the number hop in bed with her' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts.  Unfair for the girl as boys don't have that kind of handicap, but that's the way our own rules work.  Should have done research before you left.  Why not just take your chances and do it your way?
New Zealand skilled migrant visa?  If you apply for a skilled migrant workers visa and it is accepted do you have to find work in the same sector as your skills on your application or can you take up other work if you can't find something in your own field.  I have posted this question on the NZ visa site and can't get any info, does anyone know.???  Watch out the poles are coming.....my little butterfly  That would be preferable but it doesn't matter, could be something similar  It depends on the conditions of your skilled migrant visa.  Your visa should say whether or not you are restricted to work in a specific sector.  If your visa does not restrict you from taking any work in New Zealand then you can work in any sector.  It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa.
yoga and horses.....?  I got a riding lesson today on one of my boss's fino horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is.  I mentioned it to my boss and she said to start doing yoga.  But there are just so many poses and programs!  Any good poses or programs (I'm willing to buy a dvd as long as it is under $20) to help specifically with leg stabilization?  I just have a few issues supporting my back and my left leg flops.  Because I don't feel like spending over $20 on a freakin DVD  I also have back problems that transfer into my legs.  I have done Yoga for riders for a while, a 20 minute routine I found on YouTube (I think its called "Yoga for horse back riding" hosted by a man) It helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way I use my legs and back.  Here is what I do now and it really helps....  When I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena.  Then the same thing with the other leg.  Then 1 lap at a walk around the arena with both my legs pulled out as far as I can, so they are not touching the saddle.  Then a lap doing scissors, one leg forward as far as I can and the other back, then switch legs.  I'll also trot doing, down 2 beats, up one for a wile, then up 2 down 1 making sure the weight is going into the balls of my feet.  If the weight is going into your heels (it throws your leg forward) put the stirrups up against the heel of your boot.  Do a nice working trot, not a slow trot.  All this will help you use both legs evenly, keep proper contact and use your wight correctly, to keep your leg in a good position.  BTW you dont want your leg locked in place, it will move WITH the horse a bit.  When I first started doing it I'd do it every day.  Now I just do it once or twice a week or as needed.  Now not only is my leg better, but my back is relaxing.  what are you having problems with?  i wouldn't bother with yoga i'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem, ride bareback, with no irons, theres also a way to ride on your knees?  that help alot with your thigh muscles (bareback though)  ya i really wouldn't bother with the yoga  maybe a back brase will help, sometimes my back really gets to me and i've thought about getting one.  with your leg flopping, just try putting all your weight in your heel and hangon with only your legs, holding my leg back helps me with flopping the more it's forward the more it flops :/ work your calf muscles, maybe try standing on the edge of your steps (on the ball of your foot) and balance to strengthen those muscles  You don't want to spend more than $20 and yet you have an expensive hobby like riding horses?  I really can't help you.
What sort of Hotel could I expect to find in New Delhi/Agra/Varanasi for rs500 per night?  Hey guys.  I'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night.  There would be four of us so we would probably be looking at 2 twin rooms for Rs1000, close to the centre of these cities.  This would be on a walk-in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good (Not relying on pictures from the internet) and is in a spot we like.  Thanks in advance for sharing your experience!  Sorry, almost forgot to ask - Would it be cheaper to walk-in to these hotels rather than pre book?  In Delhi I'd recommend Ajay Guesthouse.  Travelled to Delhi twice and stayed there twice.  Rooms start from 500 per double.  Those ones are quite small.  Must say, in Delhi it's hard to get good price/quality rating.  I have found this hotel in the Lonely Planet guide.  It's in an area starting with a P, many tourist hotels there and the location is very nice.  But in general, Delhi is the hardest place to find a nice clean hotel for that price.  In Varanasi I don't know.  I've stayed in a more expensive hotel there, but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor?  Also, while travelling ask people where they've been and if they have any hotel recommendations.  In Agra I've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended, they found it in the Rough Guide.  It was nice and close to the Taj.  It was quite easy to find something.  (Dont stay in Agra too long.  One night is enough!)  There were many hotels there.  Ive paid 500 for a double room there and it was fine and clean.  Good luck, enjoy your time!  You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned, the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra.  http://www.goldentriangleindia.com/delhi/hotels-in-delhi.html  To Stay in delhi - Hotel Aster Inn is best to stay in delhi.  it is in karol bagh.  some beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market, Presidential Palace, and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar are near to it.  TO Stay in Agra -Hotel Atithi and Aditya Palace is perfect for you.  it is centrally situated.  To Stay in Varanasi - Sandeep Hotel is you choice...