Will you marry me? You are crazy. Why am I crazy? I obey my impulses. Like the character in your book. I am the character in my book. But let's get back to our marriage. Now then, if we went around together for several months, the usual thing, you'd find out that I don't like carrots, and then you'd find out that I dunk my donuts. Exactly. It's twice as much fun marrying first and getting acquainted afterward.
We're not ready. And it's going to be more dangerous out there because you fired Greg. Because we don't have any money to pay him, Burt, you're doing this, not me. hell I am. Do you not understand what I had to do to get these kids out here? The bond that I had to put up for the insurance company, you want to lose all that? Rather than risk hurting one of the kids? Yeah. Why? Never bothered you before.
[ fireworks exploding ] [ calming music ] [ film reel rolling ] [ whoosh ] [ slam ] [ sparkle fade ] [ ominous music ] [ electric crackling sounds ] [ sports buzzer ] [ sports whistle blowing ] [ ball bouncing ] [ crowd cheering ] [ upbeat classical music ] Dominoes , the greatest game ever invented mother fuckers . Good evening , ladies and gentlemen , Wannabe domino players , fans , groupies , and niggas sick and tired of losing all the motherfucking time . Welcome to my Masterclass . I am the Pimpfesser Dr. DMF , AKA Big Dub . Look , I 'm here to explain this shit , so sit down and shut the fuck up . See dominoes was started by the Chinese . Down in the Compton part of China . [ laughs loudly ] [ gun shots ring ] - Back in the war . - [ Man ] What war ? Would you shut the fuck up ? I told you I 'm on TV . It don 't matter what war . Nigga we got so many , who cares ? Yeah , shut the fuck up . Like I was saying before I was rudely interrupted . [ cart speeds off ] My great-great-great - great-grandfather learned the game from the Chinese . He snatched the big six . We wrote the whole damn game . Then he smuggled it back to America . Where it spread like mudbutt on ribs . You dig ? Mother fuckers from all parts of the world took to it . ' Cause see , that 's the magic of dominoes . It brings people together . Even the saltiest motherfucker will pull that stick out of their ass when they sit down and throw them bones . 28 bones to be exact . Yeah , yeah I know , real bones are white and so are dominoes , but they wouldn 't mean shit if it wasn 't for them black dots , you feel me ? [ laughs ] Can I get a witness ? [ Man ] Black power , alright . Ah fuck you .
* And she is the flame * * That rises up * * And she is a bird in flight * * In the night that catches fire * * Hell is this heaven * A JH Entertainment Release Up ! Up , up , up up ! Careful , guys . This corpse is still breathing . Try to get me there in one piece . Hello , Professor . Hello , Frida . Diego Rivera is back in the auditorium ! - Who cares ? - With a naked woman . Oh , yeah . Yeah . Shh . Why is this whore still here ? Huh ? Tell me . Tell me , mi amor . Are you planning to have her after lunch , or have you fucked her already ? Lupe , please don 't start . Y-You think I don 't know what 's going on . You must think I 'm an idiot . - I can 't work like this . - Yes , you can . Your food and your slut . That 's all you need to paint your pinche murals ! Hey ! Get out ! And don 't come home ! Don 't come home and give me one of your speeches about the artist and the people and your fucking revolution ! You only care about yourself , you piece of shit ! So much for lunch . Although ... I could eat you , perhaps . I-I 've eaten female flesh before .
Okay ... hole me . [ quirky music ] - Mm ! - Nothin ' but mouth . - Whoa , impressive . - Are you kidding me ? That 's uh-nothing . Diaz has been chucking D-holes into my mouth-piece since we were back at the academy . Check this out . [ NWA 's " Express Yourself " ] ♪ Oh ! ♪ [ all cheering ] - ♪ Express yourself ♪ - ♪ I 'm expressing ♪ ♪ With my full capabilities and now I 'm living ♪ ♪ In correctional facilities ♪ ♪ ' Cause some don 't agree with how I do this ♪ [ all cheering ] ♪ Droppin ' flavor my behavior is hereditary ♪ ♪ But my technique is very necessary ♪ ♪ Blame it on Ice Cube ♪ - ♪ Because he said it gets ♪ - Oh ! - All : Oh ! - Uh-oh . Heads ! What the ... ? [ smacks lips ] It 's finally happening ! [ upbeat music ] ♪ ♪ Attention , Nine-Nine . We have an announcement . " Shrek Live " is coming back to Broadway ! - Nope , you dreamed that . - Aw . We just came in here to tell you to save the date , because we 're getting married on May 15th . We found a venue ! [ cheers and applause ] Wow ! Finding a place in the spring in New York is impossible . Sharon and I had to get married in Albany in December .
 New York 2015  Jimmy - What time is it ? The farewell party doesn 't matter ? Here I am I can only stay for 30 minutes I 'm taking the 10 : 30 plane What 's the hurry for your first job ? Aren 't we all waiting for this ? From now on Jimmy will be a Silicon Valley bigshot I majored in IT , too I 'm going out West , like you are You two are together now ? Cheers " Kill the Tiger in the Mountain " What the ... Very funny guys , way to go What 's that ? Peking Opera That 's your hometown , Jimmy " X on Fire " Man , what time is your flight ? I don 't think you can make it It 's a massive traffic jam Well , Merry Christmas " Kill the Tiger in the Mountain " " Northeast China 1946 " One year after the Japanese surrendered China fell into a full-scale civil war In the Northeast , bandits went on a post-war rampage They killed , looted ... and expanded quickly The common folk suffered , oppressed and afraid That winter , a PLA troop captain , code-named 203 led a squad to subdue the bandits at Peony River awaiting orders from headquarters The end of the year - winds roaring , paths blocked After all kinds of hardships the squad returned to their homeland the snowfield forest Mealtime Mealtime So watery ? That 's all we have
I love a game of biscuit checkers . Don 't you , Liam ? Yeah . Your go . Oh . You 've only got one Bourbon left . What you going to do now ? Um ... This . Welcome to Junior Bake Off . I don 't believe that ! I 'm sorry . Last time ... .. we began with cake . That 's wicked . That 's wicked . Amal shone in the Technical Challenge ... Some of the best I 've ever eaten . Thank you . .. but it was Oliver ... HE GASPS Yes , it 's out ! .. whose multicoloured Showstopper ... High five . .. saw him crowned our first Star Baker . And whilst Tilly and George overcame not just one ... .. but two disasters ... No ! .. Prue and Liam decided not to send anyone home . You 're all coming back tomorrow ! Are they just joking ? But today ... Ah ! .. it 's crunch time . I just cracked one . Biscuits ... Ah , I 'm stressing . .. the Viennese technical which sends everyone into a whirl ... I can 't pipe . .. and an illusionary Showstopper where nothing is as it seems . That proper looks like pizza . One thing 's for sure .
- Previously , on The Tudors ... - Do you really want to fight ? - Yes . - Take another wife ? - Yes . Am I not still able ? To have a wife ? To have more children ? To be myself ? I mean to show these French that I will not shy away from battle if I am provoked . - The Emperor is once more at war . A joint attack on France would restore to the English crown all your lost territories , the whole of Aquitaine . - I still think the King will want to remarry . - And yet what woman on earth would want to marry a King who either puts his wives away or kills them ? - Lady Latimer has come to petition Your Majesty to lift the suspicion of treason from her husband . - The King seems quite taken with Lady Latimer . - You have no children and none by your first husband ? It was not a happy marriage . - Do you think such a thing exists ? - Yes , with all my heart . - We should start hunting down all the Lutherans in His Majesty 's kingdom . - We should flush them out ? - Some of them are very close to the King . - You would not like to be Queen of England ? - No ! You know what happens to his Queens ! Everyone knows what happens . - Let it be known to all present that this treaty contains an obligation to undertake a war against France . His Majesty agrees to send 40,000 men-at-arms . - I do , so help me God . - What could make a revengeful prince like the Emperor forget the insult done to him by the King of England ? - Those insults are long forgotten , Monsieur Marillac . - Catherine Parr , we are sent here by the King 's Majesty to offer you His Majesty 's hand in marriage . He will be the happiest man now alive in England , and you the happiest woman . ♪ ♪ ♪ - My Lords , we will now proceed with our plans for an invasion of France . We will start by the capture of the strategic town of Boulogne . Your Grace , I shall appoint you commander of our armies , if you have the will and the stomach for the fight . - Majesty , I can only thank God for the chance to win honour and glory in the field , for what man would not prefer to die with a sword in his hand and a cry in his throat ... - Aye .
She agreed to have breakfast with you . That was the best I could do . - Sorry . - No , no , no , that 's okay . That 's okay . Breakfast is good . I don 't think I 've ever seen her this mad at me . Oh , she 's not mad at you , she 's ... She 's upset by the situation . - Jack . - Fine . She 's really not happy with you . What am I gonna do ? If Nate doesn 't change his mind , I don 't think she 'll forgive me . I should go talk to him right now . Oh , I think we can wait till the morning . Just let everyone cool off . Yeah , you 're right . Hey , it 's gonna work out . How do you know that ? Because you and Joey are family and you love each other . Yeah . What 's going on ? I thought these sheets were clean . They were . I 'm just ... When I 'm stressed , I change the bedding . I 've been doing it since I was a kid . Oh , wow , that 's , uh ... That 's very you . Mm-hm . Let me help put the sheets back on and you can sleep . Hey , you know , we never got to finish our conversation from earlier . Tomorrow . I think we 've done enough negotiating for one night . Yeah . Okay . Hey . Charlie ?
This is all of it here . Mind , body and soul . I feel like Mary Tyler Moore . [ car pulling up ] [ car door opens ] [ car door closes ] Pat ? Pat ? Pat ? - What the fuck ? - I was in the hot tub , I didn 't know you were coming this early . - Get in . - Why is you on fire ? What the fuck is wrong with you ? - Come on . We 'll go in the house . - Bert , you married ! Come on , Pat ! I 'll grab a towel . Oh , my God . What , the rest of your dick on layaway ? [ Pat laughs ] Why is your booty hole so hairy ? Your dick really look like an uncooked chicken leg . [ laughs ] [ man ] My name 's Bert Kreischer . I 'm a father , husband and stand-up comedian and I jam way too much into my days . I do stand-up , hang out with my friends in the green room , drink , engage with my fans , drink more , get a veggie burrito , I 'm working on my diet , get another burrito , they 're kind of healthy , go home , talk to my family , do something nice for LeeAnn , do a podcast on parallel universes , do bicep curls , do Georgia 's homework , work on my moves , do Ila 's homework , don 't understand it but close enough , spend time with Izzy , go to New York , spread out and get comfy , taxi on the runway for like 20 minutes , but it 's all good , chug a beer at a hockey game , get on theÂ Jumbotron , get on a helicopter , go to Chicago , three shows , three encores , go back to the airport , fly home , pass out face first on the lawn , hit rock bottom . Have a heart-to-heart talk with LeeAnn , tell her I 'm fine , but deep down I know my lifestyle 's catching up with me and if I keep going like this , I 'll have a heart attack . I 'll take some time away , go to the wilderness , I 'll eat , I 'll pray , I 'll love , I 'll journal , meditate , hydrate , contemplate , isolate . I 'll get better . I promise . I 'm gonna be honest with you , every day , every ... adventure I have with friends , I try to learn a little bit about my mind , body and soul to clear myself and I feel like ... Not only was this a complete bust but like ... [ scoffs ] but it was a bust in the perfect kind of way . Sometimes you learn more by failing than you do by succeeding . Had everything worked out smoothly , I may not have learned anything . But nothing worked out smoothly at all and I feel like I learned more by failing .
Previously on Dexter ... What 's the big break in the Bay Harbor Butcher case I keep hearing about ? Masuka found microscopic algae inside the garbage bags with the body . - It 's all about the rocks , baby . - The rocks ? The algae we found on the rocks . The Bay Harbor Butcher used them to weigh his bags . We assume he picked them up where he docks his boat . October 3 , 1973 , Laura Moser and three others found chopped up with a chain saw . A drug dealer didn 't appreciate Laura and her friends stealing his cocaine . Why didn 't Harry want me to see the report ? You were left there for days , starving , in blood two inches thick . - This is my mother . - Gail . He 's hiding something , I 'm sure of it . Did you kill your wife ? - Yeah . - Don 't make me do it ! Debra , actually . I 'm Gabriel . You 're into the kinky stuff . No , the last guy I had sex with tried to kill me . - There 's my sponsor . - Really ? Where ? Dexter , meet Dexter . I 'm gonna help the two of you get to know each other . You 're going to tell me all your deepest , darkest secrets . - But the person who did this ... - Is a person just like me , Like you . We 're all good , Dexter , and we 're all evil . This woman sees me . She doesn 't know it , but she 's looking behind the mask , and she 's not turning away . Here 's your cappuccino and scone , ma 'am . Can I help the next person , please ? Most people hate long lines . Can I have a coffee and a danish ? The bank , grocery store , coffee bar .
DOCTOR CHA DOCTOR CHA ALL CHARACTERS , LOCATIONS , ORGANIZATIONS , AND INCIDENTS DEPICTED IN THIS DRAMA ARE ENTIRELY FICTITIOUS Are you crazy ? Why would you go up there ? You almost died ! Are you okay ? I 'm glad you 're safe . I 'm ... I 'm fine . I 'm okay . I have big news ! When I heard the rumor about Professor Seo and Dr. Cha , I was skeptical . But then I saw it with my very own eyes . " Are you crazy ? You almost died ! " Professor Roy took it a step further . " I 'm glad you 're safe . " You don 't need to reenact everything . What is this ? What could this be ? What do you mean ? What now ? Maybe they are in a love triangle ! Right ? - Just eat your food , okay ? - Isn 't it a love triangle ? It 's nothing like that . What ? How would you know , Dr. Jeon ? I just do . Professor Seo and Dr. Cha have nothing going on between them . " Nothing 's going on between them " ? Everyone heard the rumor that Dr. Cha and Professor Seo are seeing each other . Goodness , and you know Roy Kim ? That handsome professor is involved too . People say they 're in a love triangle . I 'm embarrassed even talking about this .