What is Italian High Renaissance?  Have a look at this, it may help.  1) The Italian Renaissance began the opening phase of the Renaissance, a period of great cultural change and achievement in Europe that spanned the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600, marking the transition between Medieval and Early Modern Europe.  The term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century, in the work of historians such as Jacob Burckhardt.  Although the origins of a movement that was confined largely to the literate culture of intellectual endeavor and patronage can be traced to the earlier part of the 14th century, many aspects of Italian culture and society remained largely Medieval; the Renaissance did not come into full swing until the end of the century.  The word renaissance (Rinascimento in Italian) means “rebirth”, and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages.  These changes, while significant, were concentrated in the elite, and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages.  2)The expression High Renaissance, in art history, is a periodizing convention used to denote the apogee of the visual arts in the Italian Renaissance.  The High Renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the 1490s, with Leonardos fresco of the Last Supper in Milan and the death of Lorenzo de' Medici in Florence, and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of Rome by the troops of Charles V.  This term was first used in German (Hochrenaissance) in the early nineteenth century, and has its origins in the "High Style" of painting and sculpture described by Johann Joachim Winckelmann.  [1] Over the last twenty years, use of the term has been frequently criticized by academic art historians for over-simplifying artistic developments, ignoring historical context, and focusing only on a few iconic works.  [2]  Hope it helps!
Should all UK towns and their cafes or restaurants provide Halal food?  Some friends of mine visited Dartmouth in Devon whilst on holiday last summer.  They could not find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods.  Its important to their religion that they only consume Halal food.  Even if you buy a cake in a bakers you can not be too what happens in the kitchen, for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham.  Its simply not just a case of avoiding pork, alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat, but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods.  Places like Dartmouth are supposed to be tourist towns and should provide foods for people of all religions.  We all enjoy buying a snack when visiting a town or attraction while on holiday.  Not everyone wants to bring packed lunch.  Its not fair if some people have to go without buying food because no place will provide suitable food for them.  I think its only fair that nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and hopefully one day every British catering establishment will be halal.  When I went to Bosnia, all the meat was Halal.  I will not eat halal meat, so guess what, I opted for foods which weren't a meat dish, there were plenty of other options.  I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it.  When you go to another country, you live by their way of life and their laws, if you don't like it, you know how to get back out the country (but I guess our benefits system is too much to throw away, huh).  Cafes and restaurants rarely use the same cutlery for different food groups anyway, they normally have blue for bakery items, red for cooked meat, brown for raw meat, etc - all for food preparation and hygiene policies.  No.  To prevent animal cruelty, many countries forbid Halal and Kosher meat.  Switzerland is one, and the Netherlands are passing the same law.  It will become EU law in a couple of years.  We can't dictate what business wants to open where.  If someone thinks there is a business opportunity then they will start opening halal only places.
what is a kimberwick bit used for?  Used as a help for horses that are quite strong pullers while hacking, hunting and doing cross country.  It is a curb bit with a ported mouth piece and some horses appreciate this to give them more room in their mouths for their tongues.  It is not as precise as a pelham bit because it only uses one rein, though the modern ones have two or three slots on which to put the reins.  The lower the reins, the stronger the action and the lower the reins the stronger the action on the poll too.  Useful for younger kids who do not have big enough hands or the ability to handle two reins independently.  For horses that are strong pullers.  It just gives you a little leverage and curb pressure.  It's nice for horses that need a little more than a snaffle.  I know that's vague, but it depends on the horse.  The rider needs to have independent hands as well, because you do NOT want to pull too hard on a bit like that. ;)
What are good B&W software's Photography?  What are really good programs for smooth crisp Black & White editing?  I use GIMP and Its not cutting it, looks terrible.  Here's one of my shots in B&W  http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/  Any programs that you use please list :) Thx  You could also try this in gimp.  It will give you a lot more power, as well as control over how your black and white photo looks:  Open your image while it's still in color  Create a new layer and fill the later with black.  Set the layer mode to "color" this will make your image blak and white.  Click colors>>>levels and adjust each channel's color values.  This will adjust the brightness and darkness of specific parts of an image.  For more information on the theory behind later modes check out this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html  For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html  Hope this helps.  Picasa is free and pretty good.  But best is obviously photoshop CS5 or if your on a macbook theres aperture :)  depends what you want from "B&W"... many programs will use a generic B&W...  try something like photoscape which has different options...